as we know
If numerator is lesser than the denominator value the numerator
is the answer
Otherwise we need to find the reminder by dividing the
numerator by the denominator instead of division
For this problem we can continuously subtract the denominator from
the numerator until numerator is less
Than the dominator the numerator is less than the denominator
We can return the numerator value
For example if the given numerator is 10 and denominator
is four instead of dividing 10 by four we can subtract
four from 10 and we get six so called a
function again with this value six and the denominator of
four and here also numerator is not less than the
denominator so subtract and six minus four we will get
two so called a function again with two and four
and now here two is less than four that is
numerator is less than denominator
So the result will be the numerator so we can return two that's our expected result.